feat: [FX-4053] move rich text editor to a separate package (#3637)
toptal/picasso: .changeset/tender-poems-editor.md

---

> '@toptal/picasso-rich-text-editor': patch

Author: yeah, good point

> '@toptal/picasso-forms': patch

Author: wdyt, forms should also be major?

---

### RichTextEditor

> - create `Rich Text Editor` package. `@toptal/picasso-forms` now expects `@toptal/picasso-rich-text-editor` to be installed separately.

Reviewer: I asked ChatGPT to help generating changelog
```suggestion
- @toptal/picasso-rich-text-editor is now considered a peer dependency for this package. This implies that users will need to install it manually. This change provides more control over the versioning of dependencies.
```
